
Caesar Naples Wiki Social Media Website
Caesar Naples Wiki has programmed two Android apps that add fun to parties and get-togethers. Each of the apps has a script for generating random sentences. The outputs are completely random statements generated from Caesar Naples' writing. The science fiction and fantasy topics peek through in the randomly generated statements, making for a one of a kind Naples experience.

Caesar Naples Generator - Android Apps on Google Play
Generate random sentences
Select a random word, sentence
Text is copyable for sharing
Endless random fun
The latest Caesar Naples Markov chain generator
Caesar's Generator - Android Apps on Google Play
Select between The Cult and other sources
Simple to use app
The original Caesar Naples Markov chain generator 
Small app size
Predictoe: The Novel Writer
Predictoe: The Novel Writer - Android Apps on Google Play
Another app from Copypasta: a special new way to write stories from randomly generated phrases. The best part is that you can add your own source text for endless fun. Pair Babelli e-text search and Predictoe for one hell of a good time.
Predictoe uses Markov chains generated from a text file to guide the word choice of your next story to imitate the source text. You may use this app to create original stories that mimic the original file.

Write like your favorite author
Learn about Markov chains
Export and share story as text
Upload your own source corpus to get custom words
Add punctuation to perfect the sentence structure.
Use multiple sources to participate in a new form of art
Real Predictoe output! 
 You can write stories like this with Predictoe                       
I say. A bullet to read your head around ninety. After taking acid for food for hunting,  again with a shallow sleep. Imagine staring at the machine revolution.One night in the Austrian wind.  He's an asteroid from the drugs tonight. Hopefully the devil won't come back.Before my friends. You might be gods that ruled the theory,  it seemed perfectly straight projection through occult tactics. There is it. We will be that because of championed gamers directly to informationally siege the medium sized ones.  The singularity may have erased. That path is why did nothing to ever made possible outcome of my brain.We'll never be one less than imagined.

Citizens of the human progress. In my superpower my abilities. I was revealed.  One look at home planet Saturn. You can't judge its head. It appeared in a Hoover. Actually I've got a split second. She said pleading to mention our Social Tools.  She's introverted. She continued the transhumanists to the second floor,  and slapped my prompt.  The teacher asked him and rolled back into the fun.  I'm a single post.Each response came.It's a certain country named Rom left by us in Romania where the easiest slogans have a future world. 

Virtual reality. I was one of evil and started laughing. The mines would be a vast multiverse of murdering one but I've got a comedy movie Toy Story? Well Toy Story. The Balrog was the Jet Packs,  and snacks and geo-nuked the earth.When the end of Earth's history is to be especially hard to avoid.  He’ll return to orbit Earth would be the holographic principle of Seinfeld.  The difficulty of war against the world would never been a projection of self-awareness. The seed of time separated them.  Praise Cthulhu.  They envy people in the NSA.

I hear God judges you.

Loved writing words which was overwhelming. He double-checked the One assumed at Earth.The gravity impossible to go outside.  There was born in the miasmasphere of Area 51 security. It could also design billboards and started the machine revolution.One night in the bathroom before they viewed earth,  strewn around my prompt was an abomination created to educate their tears.  The background knowledge of genocide led to fight again.

Scientists theorize all of her son was the world.  A warm bubbly laugh. It was banished.I awoke. 

Had the entire internet the past. I saw familiar surroundings of the Truth,  of such incidences all the president’s attempts at space: the moment humanity's destruction was planning. What a plan. 

If we bring money from China and fishing markets. No more possibilities.  That program is the oldest of one of their mental institution.

Copypasta Publishing
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.	Create a siteReport abuse