
Caesar Naples Wiki Social Media Website
M. J. Hewitt 
Bloodland Tales 
Each age calls forth its own prophet, a poetic oracle who sees past the heavy drapery we call "the world" to the prime reality that lies beyond. You should feel both ecstatic and terrified that our age has elicited M. J. Hewitt as its prose-lapidarian. Ecstatic, for Hewitt himself truly resonates with the daemonic muse, a voice that echoes from the depths of Tartarus and beckons forth, by turn, angels, devils, monsters, and gods. And terrified, for Hewitt sings not of arm-in-arm brotherhood and cozy lovingkindness, but rather of Yeats's "blood-dimmed tide," an aeon drenched in gore-bespattered corpses and unrelenting pain for the pitiable humans left alive.

Bloodland Tales
Now available on Amazon
When the pain turns blood red; and unbelievably, you suffer even more. By comparing burning human flesh to the woman's body and fine creatures of the earth, the author M. J. Hewitt tickles your brain and has you yearning for more intellectual fodder. The structure of the book is also rigid in defining a travel through the Bloodland with human and other companions along the way. The small creatures are most disgusting in this morbid trip through an earthly hell. 

www.amazon.com/dp/B07DPSMCTH
Interview & Testimonials
What has influenced your writing?
Many authors including Poe, Kafka and Lovecraft all influence my writing. Also artists such as Munch have also heavily influenced me as a writer. 

What is your motivation for writing?
To provide glimpses in an artistic way of the unimaginable or may be not 

When did you start writing and what got you started?
Around ten years ago. A website called TERRORTALES. But also credits from famous writers. 

Do you have any upcoming writing goals?
I want to improve. I am not the finished article as a writer . I believe my best material is yet to come.

What is your strong or weak point in your writing style?
Imagination is my strength. 

Which writers do you admire?
Poe, Kafka, Gifune, King, Lovecraft, Mcarthy and many others 


Testimonial

BLOODLAND TALES shimmers with the decadent imagery that Clark Ashton Smith conjured so easily, and in these opalescent prose-poems Hewitt both acknowledges his debt to 

Klarkash-Ton" and progresses even further into a darkness-drenched universe without redemption, mercy, or salvation. There is no way to reach out to those we care for; only broad-axe slashes that leave gaping wounds. There is no bright afterlife with grace and holiness; only transmogrification through pain and torture as humans become parasitic spirits who lure others into torment. Love is destined to end in disillusionment and despair, and we learn our world itself is the black-tinged dream of distant alien beings our brains cannot even comprehend, beings who survive only through our suffering. 

You will find no words of comfort in this scarlet landscape. But for those who are able to realize the Baudelairean beauty that lies in decay, the Sadeian pleasure of witnessing another's hopeless prayer for mercy, the Lovecraftian awe of glancing into unilluminated gulfs in which madness dwells, Hewitt fills our descent into chaos with exquisite scenes, mixed in equal parts, of glamour and gore. 

I've joined the Cult of Hewitt. It's time you signed your soul away and joined as well." Michael Arnzen, author of Gorelets: Unpleasant Poems 


Testimonial

I count newcomer Matt Hewitt among the strangest writers I've ever read. And that's a compliment because I read a lot of strange stuff. His prose poetry is remarkably original -- and a guttural snapshot of depraved madness. His writing is raw and vividly disturbing as fresh meat -- and just as muscular. His work pulsates with the throbbing gristle of a fresh wound; when you read it, you feel the narrator's pain and morbid loathing. This goth to the 25th power. And it always, always descends so deep into the darkness that there's never any hope. His collection, Bloodland Tales, is some sick stuff. I recommend it only to those with wide open minds and hardshelled hearts. Because Hewitt wants to pull you down into madness with the immediacy of his dark imagination. And he will. He certainly will." (Simon Clark, world famous best selling horror author)

Testimonial

Bloodland Tales is a unique collection filled with vivid imagery. It’s a dark journey with scenes that remain in your thoughts long after reading the last page. Thanks again. JG Faherty, author of Ghosts of Coronado Bay, Carnival of Fear, and the upcoming The Cemetery Club.

Testimonial

With the Dulippa Tree, MJ Hewitt has created a dark and extremely vivid book, filled with otherworldly tales involving buckets of bloodshed, monstrous and demonic creatures, and truly disturbing scenes. I loved it." 

(Continued)
Do you have any strange interests?
My strange interests reading one horror book after another. It’s an obsession.

Is there a comparable story to Bloodland Tales out there?
I feel that Bloodland Tales has certain similarities with Dante’s Inferno

How often do you write a new book?
I have been writing off and on for the last twenty years

What kind of reader should buy Bloodland Tales?
Anyone who is interested in exploring artistic experimentation. Anyone who is interested in reading some of the best horror on the page. Anyone who is interested in learning about incredible, fascinating and different worlds that you would not believe could possibly exist.  

How long did you spend writing Bloodland Tales?
Twelve months

Hasn't Bloodland Tales been published before?
Yes, but this is the latest and best version with new stories included.

What genres do you write in?
Dark fantasy/horror genre

What is your next planned book title?
Songs of Morpheus

If the best is yet to come, what form will your future work take?
I have lots of ideas. Songs of Morpheus is more dark fantasy, including a leaning towards mythology.  More psychological horror to come.

What do you think of Copypasta Publishing?
Indie publishers are the best.  Don’t conform but create. Excellent new publisher .

Testimonial

Piquant morsels of disturbing prose that are by turns startlingly gruesome and surreal. A real banquet of horror?  Matt J. Hewitt is renowned for his dark poetry and his prolific ability to capture murkiness of the psyche. I am a huge fan of Hewitt and this terror scribe. His talent is astonishing! He offers bad relationships, devilish beings, and commanding emotions into surrealistic prose! His craft is bewitching! Within these forty chilling tales of panic-screams of the mind, his mind, the mind of the DARK POET! The dread begins with the gory goblet that reigns supreme, the dark pits of throat-tearing screams of vengeance. You have not read horror, wicked doggerel, and been in the dark, unless you have tasted these crimson stained nightmares of the darkest versifier I know, Matt J. Hewitt! Journey into the BLOODLAND TALES and let the fear seep through your veins whilst you sit by the flickering tea-light of the night and bathe yourself in his darkness. (Brutal Dreamer, Editor and Author) (A. D. Dawson, Editor and Author) 


Testimonial

Echoes of Poe here... M. J. Hewitt takes the reader on an inward journey into the familiar - albeit a fearful familiar that lays hidden under the bed alongside the dreaded bogeyman. Bloodland Tales is a collection of flash fiction and poetry which is intelligently written and throws a guiding light to the darkness it illustrates so well. I applaud the writer for a collection that probes deeply into the normally impenetrable...? (Kate Hill, Editor and Author)

Testimonial

M.J. Hewitt possesses an uncanny craft of weaving strange, beautiful and haunting prose into works that both captivate and elevate the imagination- then linger long after the last word is read. Highly reccomended. This is one of the best collections I have read in a long, long, time.’ David Bernstein, author of ‘Teenage Zombie Party


While you're waiting for release day, enjoy a free book.
Get thousands more books with the free Android app, Babelli.


From Copypasta Publishing


Link to ebook

Franz Kafka
Metamorphosis

Franz Kafka was one of the major fiction writers of the 20th century. He was born to a middle-class German-speaking Jewish family in Prague, Bohemia (presently the Czech Republic), Austria–Hungary. His unique body of writing—much of which is incomplete and which was mainly published posthumously—is considered to be among the most influential in Western literature. 


Copypasta Publishing
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.	Create a siteReport abuse