
Caesar Naples Wiki Social Media Website
Serpent Game
A bullet severed him from the public eye. 

One man fights to right his previous life.


Amazon Kindle $7.99

Gyone Irensho, an infamous contract killer who worked the bristling wilds of Crygor City, loses his life, only to be reanimated from his six-foot slumber. His benefactor harnesses an unspeakable evil at his whim, all in favor of his battle against the Shadows that he, himself, has learned to control. 

As they say, fight fire with fire. 

Upon being greeted with another contract, Gyone has a kneejerk change of heart, sets aside the offer and heads off with a festering guilt that had plagued his heart for years prior. And now, he begins his journey back home.To a stricken lover that may or may not be there waiting for his return. 

An offer, as he would soon find out, would haunt him forever. 

"Serpent Game" is the debut novel from writer and world creator, Sean M. Hollows, and is the first in a trilogy saga following the happenings around Licentia and all of its inhabitants. Hollows' previous works have encompassed short prose pieces and poetry compositions, including "A Hunt for Hymns."

A Hunt for Hymns 
"A Hunt for Hymns" is the demo piece for a series of unrelated short stories that will be posted on here in the coming months. Sean M. Hollows is an aspiring indie writer that specializes in fantasy action pieces, but also dabbles in all sorts of genres, which will be exemplified in these shorter pieces. 

$1 Fantasy Short Story

Links
Amazon

Find him on Facebook

Amazon Author Page


That's no horn. Two boys from a mountain village are assaulted by a booming roar. It churns their insides unnaturally. Though shaken, they set out to investigate immediately, where the eldest son takes lead to meet the sound with his blade. And his brother, who clung to his steps like a shadow. They trek headfirst up the mountain in the hopes that they can snuff out whatever is producing the assault. But are they ready to face what lies in wait? 

Sean M. Hollows
Author Interview
What has influenced your writing?
Many mediums, the least--I'd say--being actual books. Real life, mixed with bombastic TV action. The idea that fantasy can be separated from reality in a multitude of interesting ways. 

What is your motivation for writing?
To tell the stories I've always wanted to tell. Honing my writing craft, I can bend and twist the scene at will, rather than more costly means would allow me to. 

When did you start writing and what got you started?
At fourteen, on a weeb website called GaiaOnline. In fact, that OC character is now the star--and distanced from his slightly embarrassing origins--in my manuscript in progress, due out in June. 

Do you have any upcoming writing goals?
To become the next J.K Rowling, without the smarm and political diatribes. 

What is your strong or weak point in your writing style?
I handle emotive pieces very well, very heavy and appropriately somber/hectic tonality. Though, I'd benefit from handling more logistical details when needed.

Which writers do you admire?
Danie Ware has become a new favorite of mine, but I started on Stephen King -- like many entering the writing world. Shoutout to Ernest Cline. I'm excited to see what he has in the works.

Copypasta Publishing
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.	Create a siteReport abuse