
COPYPASTA PUBLISHING: INDIE, TRADITIONAL, AND SELF-PUBLISHING	
InvitationTen Minute Pitch	
Patreon: Pledge $5
$5 or more per creation - get us to design your social media page and post it to CaesarNaplesWiki.org/Authors
Patreon: Pledge $10
$10 or more per creation - get a copypastapublishing.com email address and join the team
INDIE PUBLISHER
Dreams of Morpheus
Traditional Publishing
Bloodland Tales
Star Liner
Self Publishing
Editor Services
WELCOME BACK
Patreon will get you started working with the founder of Copypasta (Jordan). We will be testing new social media website technology with Google Cloud hosting and will begin our online careers as authors. We'll be forging ahead on work with new publishing problems of the future and rank #1 in our social networking team together. I'm also offering freelance services outside of Patreon's system. For more info email me at oaflopean@gmail.com or go to this page.

INDIE PUBLISHER

Dreams of Morpheus
by Paul Harris and M. J. Hewitt

The interoperative code of our lives is secretive to us. Open-minded people cannot even see the lines of speech that drive us. We may analyze the "demon" and his placement, hidden, in our lives but only through the recourse of conversation will we be delivered. Paul Harris and M. J. Hewitt both exercised their talent in revealing an emotive, natural display of understanding while they created this book. The ultimate collection in perfect, synchronistic order, you may view a speechless beauty somewhere in the ebook.

Remember, do not read these words lightly. For you must beware

 ‘those whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.' 
-the authors of Dreams of Morpheus 




TRADITIONAL PUBLISHING

Bloodland Tales
By M. J. Hewitt

From M. J. Hewitt, a horror author who spreads the demise of his spirit in every bone-sucking chapter. His intense ruminations on dark spiritual forces contain the potion to convert us into the archons of hell.


Star Liner
By Scott Branchfield

The crew of the Webelos launch a mystery during spaceflight that is only solved when someone on the ship observes something completely unexplained. The entertainer, Stot, questions his humanity when the secret is finally revealed.


SELF PUBLISHING






EDITOR SERVICES

Jordan is creating a publishing company | Patreon
Service

Tutoring
Publishing
Editing
Online
Marketing
Ghostwriting
Data Entry
Cost

37.50/hr
25/hr (plus cost)
12.50/hr
12.50/hr
12.50/hr
0.04/word
10/hr
Description

Having trouble with -anything- in the English language, including homework? I can help
For those writers who want something to share with the world or profit
Line edits, proofreading, and developmental editing
SEO, social media, blog writing, communication
For businesses, organizations, products, artists, media, or causes
Have a certain expertise but no writing experience? I’ll need a few interviews from you (the client) to get a document or book published
A jack-of-all-trades online service (focus: Google services)
Contracted Jobs Only 4/4/2019 
We're also offering 10,000 fiction e-books for reading in your Internet browser.

Caesar Naples Wiki

Social Media Website



Facebook

Copypasta Publishing 
Broken Bow, OK 74728
(405) 928-9705
Copypasta makes its way around the Internet as users copy and paste text blurbs in social media that appear to be spam but are posted by human users. Our ebooks are selected for publication with concern only for the human appeal of the complete work. When an author finishes a book, they often seek acceptance by a traditional publisher like us. However, we don't adhere to predetermined publishing goals. We make publishing a book as simple as writing it. We have an unlimited supply of books to publish from upcoming authors, while we build a great library for Copypasta Publishing.
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.	Create a siteReport abuse