
Caesar Naples Wiki Social Media Website
Caesar Naples
I have been running from my followers for some time. They have no idea I'm here. They like me for my insights into future technology and my overbearing ego. If they were to ever meet me their heads might explode. Caesar Naples Wiki is host of the most fanatical followers, who think I'm a time traveler and a God from space.

I've been writing since 2012 when I entered this realm of space time. I hide from my online pursuers so I can continue revealing secrets of space and time. I don't want to be found because I'll be interrogated and the entire timeline of earth would be affected. I just want to stay on the down low and get my work done in my own time. 


Social Media Marketing Book, an Ebook by Caesar Naples

Jordan Jones
I was a sheltered child. I got used to everything through heightened sensitivity. I was an emotional wreck. My social skills weren't there until post-puberty adventures and experiences that gave me my connectivity. I like to play games of chance. I like to write science fiction.

The Cult, an Ebook by Jordan Jones
A teenage boy ventures through a world devastated by a drug known as Chem 1 and eventually finds success he never expected.

Star Liner
The crew of the Webelos launch a mystery during spaceflight that is only solved when someone on the ship observes something completely unexplained - and the entertainer, Stot, questions his humanity when the secret is finally revealed.



Bloodland Tales
From M. J. Hewitt, a horror author who spreads the demise of his spirit in every bone-sucking chapter. His intense ruminations on dark spiritual forces contain the potion to convert us into the archons of hell.



Dark Bat
A supernatural adventure that takes you across the farm and deep into the mind of a few resting Dark Bats. 



The Cult
A teenager is recruited by a woman (Macy) who appears to be a police officer yet wholly partakes in both Chem 1 and Chem 2. She is much older, but they decide to date. He feels not like a lover but like one of her kids. She introduces him to Chem 1 and he experiences hallucinations, delusions, and thoughtful inspirations about the nature of death. 

Frightened and confused, he spends less time with Macy. Soon, he learns from one of the Captains that Macy intends for him to achieve some purpose as an "archetype." The captain, on Chem 2, explains that he's going to be famous. When Adam uncomfortably leaves his house, he is struck by a vehicle and sustains a brain injury.

The book is about mental health and psychology, and contains those relevant depictions of what goes on in the mind of a unique boy dealing with a harsh science fiction reality. 



Social Media Marketing Book
Caesar Naples is an author who doesn't shy away from taboo subjects. In this ebook, he covers the illuminati, the CIA surveillance issue, and other paranoid plots that threaten any social media marketer. He offers good advice, sure, but isn't the most important part these extra tidbits revealing our reality?

The world would be a better place with more published ebooks. At least, that's what Caesar Naples thinks. He works for Copypasta Publishing and is trying to make as many stories available for them as possible. He starts with novelettes and works his way up. Oh, you want to work with him?

Well, you'll need to visit our website at copypastapublishing.com. Then, email us your story idea. It's as easy as that! If you want to know how we operate, you might want to read the many posts offering tips about how we work. We want you on board, but you're going to have to get used to our current business plan. 


Copypasta Publishing
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.	Create a siteReport abuse