
More writing‎ > ‎
Signal City
When we sold the first agency and refitted the solar panels on 3 of our rent houses, it became clear that our mistake was to rent the commercial property for the other agency. We could sell the business but not the building which was more valuable as real estate than a business. The line from the first solar rent house to the Atoka apartment was a straight-shot; the apartment seeming more like a McDonalds day by day.
We of course ridded ourselves of the time-share in Canada which was a big mistake in the first place. Boy, were we screwed on that timeshare. The money was recoursed towards a satellite which we would use for our new ISP. Recruiting on the bike trail, we found 5 men and women willing to work at Copypasta Publishing, our non-profit copyright acquisitions corp.

Traffic reached its greatest during Copypasta Publishing’s rise to success. We had full residential staff in three condos in Atoka. The goal? To found Signal City. A fantasy of mine for years…

First, we found a surveillance suspect. We were going to create a milestone, and watch him after the life-altering event. We had a few ideas; a car wreck or a family death—but we didn’t want to risk anyone’s life. Finally, we decided on getting accepted at college, because it was a big deal to him. When the next milestone was reached, we would report our data. The prediction was that he needed five years to get his college diploma, and then we would have to stop. We would upload the entire research file online after getting his permission. Considering his salary if he would oblige us, we considered it a moot point whether or not he would accept. The information would be there, anyway. Should he decline, we could still sell the meta-data to various government organizations.

It was all a ruse to inform the police that I knew what they were doing. I would match their expertise. They had meta-data on us and for them to see our meta-data on others, or them, or even ourselves would shock them. The simple fact we knew they had meta-data should shock them, but they’re a huge clan of unworthy skirmishers. They all take for granted what they’re doing, and battle each other and up the ante. By the time people like us send them back to reality, they’re so far gone it’s unmanageable, not to mention completely against the law.

I must not forget to mention we were all on psychotropic, psychoactive, antipsychotic medication.

We felt that they were “drugs,” not medicine, hallucinogenic themselves, and helped us with recreational use of other drugs, anyway. If psychotic people needed to be medicated, then we weren’t to exempt ourselves from the rest. However, it was a major advantage to just get all of that out of the way. We also enjoyed our doctor visits.

You may guess that “we” is just me, and I’m sorry to have lied to you for so long. In fact, we had not the funds for a satellite, as cheap as they seem these days. And the men and women I picked up on the bike trail were merely people I had solicited for sex on my own weird foray into that form of exercise known as cross-country cycling. But traffic was indeed high in my condo. The visitors didn’t exactly contribute to productiveness however.

I have a lot on my plate, with stealing my grandfather’s fortune and all, and the million-dollar responsibilities that come along with that. If you want some help understanding, I can ask you a simple question, and the nerves in your brain will fire that I have all but used up, and maybe I can even glean some advice from you, who I will solicit just now for help: the nerves that signal responsibility in the wealthy man. That question is: what would you do if you had one million dollars at this moment?

Of course, my answer would be to found Signal City.

Wifi goes up and down, and all around. It’s like a bubble of refreshment for your electronics. It’s like a safety pad in a world of miscommunications and disinformation. My goal therefore is to en-bubble each household in a field of radio transmissions, or wifi, so that their internet connection will always be available. Simple math told me it would take over 4 million dollars a year to found a new ISP for a small neighborhood. Much too much for me. The question was what you would do with a million dollars, not four, and in my answer you will find the words “community infrastructure.” Because that’s what a thousand bubbles of wifi connectivity are, after all. The steel frame of an information era. Look out, Silicon Valley—Signal City perches over the horizon.

The drugs will eventually get in the way. The coke, the meth, weed, pills, and over-the-counter cough syrup. It used to be alcohol for us. But as soon as we found the place in Atoka, with its huge police station and under-the-wing hospital, we started ordering a substitute from Indonesia. It’s called Kratom. I don’t personally choose to do coke, but they do. Or meth. But everything else, and don’t forget to add shrooms, all important to my extra-coastal social war in central Oklahoma on stupidity, or un-connectivity.

It comes as naturally as having a face. It breaks into the mould of my personality and flexes, so I seem—disconnected myself. Ironically. That’s sad, isn’t it? I’ve said my piece. It’s your turn.

What would you do with a million dollars?

I would spy. 

Comments
You do not have permission to add comments.
Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites