Copypasta Publishing: Indie, Traditional, and Self-Publishing

    Invitation
    Ten Minute Pitch

Ten Minute Pitch
Give us a look at your story. Write a query letter to us. Investigate online about query letters, and spend ten minutes writing one to us about your story. Keep in mind our submission guidelines (below) to avoid rejections. 
Send your query letter to:
submissions@ copypastapublishing.com
Add "Ten Minute Pitch" to the subject line. Thanks!
Suggested Items to Include:
Bio​
Author's address and email
Title, genre, and word count
Story synopsis of characters, backstory, and plot twists
First ten pages of your science fiction (or other genre) manuscript
Submission Guidelines
Types of Publication 

    E-book and paperback
    Only complete manuscripts
    No series
    Accepting audio version author's readings of books
    Immediate Wordpress support for accepted authors

Payment

Authors will be compensated with 35% of gross profit or another negotiated royalty plan.

Contracts have varied betwen 20% net and 35% gross. Contracts are important agreements that we can make human. Please commit with your signature only after making a plan to stick with us for the most successful adventure of your life.
Genre

    Science fiction
    Horror
    Paranormal Fiction
    Urban Fantasy
    Speculative Fiction
    Romance  
    Religion/Spirituality
    Society/Culture 
    Looking for cover art in these genres

Submission details

    Reprints: Not Accepted
    Email and mail submissions accepted
    Email for querying editor
    Word or Open Office files accepted, no PDF
    Cover letter with author bio required
    Simultaneous submissions accepted - yes
    Multiple submissions accepted - yes
    Accepting all year
    Requesting sole rights to publish the novelette during one or more publishing periods

Currently Accepted Word Counts

Flash Fiction: 200-1,000 words

Short Story: 5,000 words

Novelette: 14,000-17,000 words 

Novella: 17,000-50,000 words

Novel: 50,000-100,000 words

If you want to publish something small, consider allowing us to promote your work instead.


Response time

 We will try to respond with one quarter of a year or 3 months. If there's no response after 3 months, ask us again about your submission
We're also offering 10,000 fiction e-books for reading in your Internet browser.

Caesar Naples Wiki
Social Media Website

Facebook
Copypasta Publishing 
Broken Bow, OK 74728
(405) 928-9705
Copypasta makes its way around the Internet as users copy and paste text blurbs in social media that appear to be spam but are posted by human users. Our ebooks are selected for publication with concern only for the human appeal of the complete work. When an author finishes a book, they often seek acceptance by a traditional publisher like us. However, we don't adhere to predetermined publishing goals. We make publishing a book as simple as writing it. We have an unlimited supply of books to publish from upcoming authors, while we build a great library for Copypasta Publishing.
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.
Report abuse