
Caesar Naples Wiki Social Media Website





Begin - Caesar Search

Copypasta Network
100% Creativity Communities


r/craziness

r/astrapocalypse

r/publishcopypasta

r/weirdwritingweekend

r/spoilersoftheuniverse
Weblogs
Our blog is a series of websites dedicated to entertainment. Caesar Naples Wiki hopes to provide a huge volume of content for Caesar Naples fans. We must understand the mysterious character of Naples. Some of the content appears in our books, but is found here to view for free.


In Fear of an Ego Death

Squirrels and Spreadsheets - Caesar Naples - Modern Prometheus

A Murder of Crows - Caesar Naples - Modern Prometheus
Profile
Spouts of white sheets tossed up by the breakfast air hot red elbow nudging its way out of the bed extra thin socks pushing the floor sun graced window she’s shouting you must be a pervert, r…

Forgetting, Forgotten, Forgot - Modern Prometheus
Tales of a Neverending Woe

Flash Fiction from Jordan Jones
A vast collection of flash fiction for reading from Jordan Jones

Points for Peace

A Radio Desk, and the Alien Hiding Inside It • u/caesarnapleswiki
Introducing Extended Text Ads - Caesar Naples - Modern Prometheus

The first to die from loyalty - Caesar Naples - Modern Prometheus
Modern Prometheus
New Google Sites Version

from a while ago LOL
Firstly, before I get into what essentially is a boating story, I want to say that I don’t boat hardly often enough. Nor do I fish, either. I taught a man to fish once. He hooked me in the ey…

Modern Prometheus - Modern Prometheus
Tales of a Neverending Woe
Search Caesar Naples Wiki
Social Media is the the new Public Relations. Welcome to our schizophrenic experiment. Ahem, social-media experiment.

Extra Dimensions
This writing website is parked by CaesarNaples2
mental software suite 9.

Tree Speak - Caesar Naples - Modern Prometheus

A Custom-Grown Culture to Occupy the Slipspace • u/caesarnapleswiki
Deletorious clicks inside the brain
each second drip dripthe neurotransmitters clickthe fuel injector mistsflammability into an engine blockpop fizz bubbling meningesstatic zap brain stem’s connected to thethought bone thought …
i be her i be her we were meant to be here dear so hear me near my soul seer will come from within and be here i see her the woman she is an infinite zero i am limited to 1 she is the egg the color…

Novel blurb - Modern Prometheus
Tales of a Neverending Woe

Flash Fiction from Another Dimension

Square
Geronima
Caesar Naples Web
Paranormal Research
the game

Modern Prometheus
Tales of a Neverending Woe

You are an oceanographer tasked with exploring the deep - Caesar Naples - Modern Prometheus
THE CULMINATION OF 3 DAYS
Pretty sure I’m done with it, though you can see how often I edit it by clicking recent site activity.  It’s my writing portfolio
Copypasta Publishing
Made with the new Google Sites, an effortless way to create beautiful sites.	Create a siteReport abuseC	